UNILATERAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

Client
  Name:     {client_name}
  Address:  ______________________________
  Email:    {client_email}
  Phone:    {client_phone}

This Unilateral Non-Disclosure Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into by and between the client specified above ("Client") and {site_name} ("Provider"). Accepted and agreed by their duly authorized representatives of the parties as of the date of the last signature.

UNILATERAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT TERMS

1. PURPOSE. This Agreement sets forth the terms governing Provider's and Client's wish to explore and perform a business opportunity of mutual interest (the "Opportunity"). In connection with the Opportunity, Client may disclose certain Confidential Information to Provider.

2. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
   2.1 Definition. "Confidential Information" means any information disclosed on or after the Effective Date by Client to Provider pursuant to this Agreement that is marked "Confidential," "Proprietary" or in some other manner to indicate its confidential nature, or that should reasonably be expected to be treated in a confidential manner either under the circumstances of disclosure or by the nature of the information itself. Confidential Information may include information of a third party.
   2.2 Exceptions. Confidential Information will not, however, include any information that: (i) was or becomes publicly known or made generally available through no fault of Provider; (ii) is in the rightful possession of Provider without confidentiality obligations at the time of disclosure by Client to Provider; (iii) is obtained by Provider from a third party without an accompanying duty of confidentiality; or (iv) is independently developed by Provider without use of or reference to Client's Confidential Information.
   2.3 Compelled Disclosure. If Provider becomes legally compelled to disclose any Confidential Information, Provider will provide Client prompt written notice, if legally permissible, and will use its best efforts to assist Client in seeking a protective order or another appropriate remedy. If Client waives Provider's compliance with this Agreement or fails to obtain a protective order or other appropriate remedy, Provider will furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information that is legally required to be disclosed.

3. NON-USE AND NON-DISCLOSURE. Except as may be otherwise agreed, Provider will not use any Confidential Information of Client for any purpose except in furtherance of the Opportunity. Provider will not disclose any Confidential Information of Client to third parties or to Provider's employees, except that, subject to Section 4 below, Provider may disclose Client's Confidential Information to third parties as reasonably necessary to accomplish or fulfill the Opportunity. Provider may use and exploit any ideas, know-how, techniques, information and understandings retained in the unaided memory of Provider or Provider's employees as a result of review, evaluation, or testing of the Confidential Information for any purpose without breach of any confidentiality obligations hereunder.

4. MAINTENANCE OF CONFIDENTIALITY. Provider will take reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of the Confidential Information of Client. Without limiting the foregoing, Provider will take at least those measures that it employs to protect its own confidential information of a similar nature and will ensure that its employees and other third parties or persons who receive Confidential Information of Client from Provider have signed a non-use and non-disclosure agreement in content at least as protective of Client and its Confidential Information as the provisions of this Agreement. Provider will reproduce Client's proprietary rights notices on any such authorized copies in the same manner in which such notices were set forth in or on the original. Provider will promptly notify Client of any unauthorized use or disclosure, or suspected unauthorized use or disclosure, of Client's Confidential Information of which Provider becomes aware. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to restrict either party's use or disclosure of its own Confidential Information.

5. NO WARRANTY. ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS." CLIENT DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR PERFORMANCE OF ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, OR WITH RESPECT TO NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATION OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY OR OF CLIENT.

6. RETURN OF MATERIALS. All documents and other tangible objects containing or representing Confidential Information that have been disclosed by Client to Provider, and all copies or extracts thereof or notes derived therefrom that are in the possession of Provider, will be and remain the property of Client and will be promptly returned to Client or destroyed upon Client's written request; provided, however, Provider shall not be obligated to destroy or return business records generated and retained in the ordinary course of business.

7. TERM; TERMINATION
   7.1 Term; Termination. This Agreement will commence upon the date of last signature ("Effective Date") and continues for one (1) year thereafter. Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason by providing thirty (30) days written notice to the other party.
   7.2 Survival. The confidentiality and nonuse obligations of Provider under this Agreement will survive for two (2) years from any expiration or termination, or earlier if information disclosed hereunder ceases to be "Confidential Information".

8. MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party; except that either party may assign this Agreement without consent in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, change of control, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets to which this Agreement pertains. Any assignment or transfer of this Agreement in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Provider agrees that any violation or threatened violation of this Agreement may cause irreparable injury to Client, entitling Client to seek injunctive relief in addition to all legal remedies. This Agreement will be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of the principal place of business of Provider without regard to conflict of law principles. Each party hereby represents and warrants that the persons executing this Agreement on its behalf have express authority to do so, and, in so doing, to bind such party thereto. All rights not expressly granted herein to Confidential Information are reserved by Client. No provision of this Agreement may be waived except by a writing executed by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. A party's failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement will neither be construed as a waiver of the provision nor prevent the party from enforcing any other provision of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or otherwise modified except by a writing signed by the parties to this Agreement.

9. DISPUTES. All disputes arising out of this Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the principal place of business of Provider, and each party hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction thereof.

10. E-SIGNATURE. Both parties agree that a typed name submitted through this page constitutes a legal signature under the U.S. ESIGN Act.
